h1. MerbJuggernaut

http://github.com/ripta/merb-juggernaut

Written by Ripta Pasay <github@r8y.org>. Contains scripts and code, some modified
and some as-is, from juggernaut-jquery[1] and the original juggernaut[2].
Even this README contains chunks from [2].

A slice of Juggernaut pie. Requires juggernaut 0.5.7 and merb 1.0.


h2. How to install

Install it as a gem, from github. If you haven't, add the github gem repository
as a source:

<pre>
<code>
	$ [sudo] gem sources -a http://gems.github.com
</code>
</pre>

Then install the gem:

<pre>
<code>
	$ [sudo] gem install ripta-merb-juggernaut
</code>
</pre>

which should also install the prerequisite gems juggernaut and merb if you don't
have them already.


h2. How to use in your Merb app

Add the gem as a dependency in your Merb app's @config/init.rb@:

<pre>
<code>
	dependency "ripta-merb-juggernaut", :require_as => "merb-juggernaut"
</code>
</pre>

The @:require_as@ option is required because of the qualified gem names on github.


h2. How to run the demos

Download the sources, and change into the directory. Once there, start up
the juggernaut standalone daemon, and then start up the slice server:

<pre>
<code>
	$ juggernaut -c config/juggernaut.yml
	$ slice
</code>
</pre>

The slice should now be available, usually on port 4000.

To send a command from the command line, you can start up the Merb slices
interactive console:

<pre>
<code>
	$ slice -i
</code>
</pre>

And send away. For example, to alert all connected Juggernaut clients, type
the following line into the interactive console:

<pre>
<code>
	MerbJuggernaut::Commands.send_to_all('alert("This is a test!");')
</code>
</pre>


h2. Contributing

To contribute, you should try running the above demos. You can start coding away.
Be sure to send me pull requests through github.


fn1. http://github.com/dvdplm/juggernaut-jquery/
fn2. http://github.com/maccman/juggernaut_gem/
